supercategory :  person		id :  1		name :  person	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  2		name :  bicycle	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  3		name :  car	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  4		name :  motorcycle	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  5		name :  airplane	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  6		name :  bus	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  7		name :  train	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  8		name :  truck	
supercategory :  vehicle	id :  9		name :  boat	
supercategory :  outdoor	id :  10	name :  traffic light	
supercategory :  outdoor	id :  11	name :  fire hydrant	
supercategory :  outdoor	id :  13	name :  stop sign	
supercategory :  outdoor	id :  14	name :  parking meter	
supercategory :  outdoor	id :  15	name :  bench	
supercategory :  animal		id :  16	name :  bird	
supercategory :  animal		id :  17	name :  cat	
supercategory :  animal		id :  18	name :  dog	
supercategory :  animal		id :  19	name :  horse	
supercategory :  animal		id :  20	name :  sheep	
supercategory :  animal		id :  21	name :  cow	
supercategory :  animal		id :  22	name :  elephant	
supercategory :  animal		id :  23	name :  bear	
supercategory :  animal		id :  24	name :  zebra	
supercategory :  animal		id :  25	name :  giraffe	
supercategory :  accessory	id :  27	name :  backpack	
supercategory :  accessory	id :  28	name :  umbrella	
supercategory :  accessory	id :  31	name :  handbag	
supercategory :  accessory	id :  32	name :  tie	
supercategory :  accessory	id :  33	name :  suitcase	
supercategory :  sports		id :  34	name :  frisbee	
supercategory :  sports		id :  35	name :  skis	
supercategory :  sports		id :  36	name :  snowboard	
supercategory :  sports		id :  37	name :  sports ball	
supercategory :  sports		id :  38	name :  kite	
supercategory :  sports		id :  39	name :  baseball bat	
supercategory :  sports		id :  40	name :  baseball glove	
supercategory :  sports		id :  41	name :  skateboard	
supercategory :  sports		id :  42	name :  surfboard	
supercategory :  sports		id :  43	name :  tennis racket	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  44	name :  bottle	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  46	name :  wine glass	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  47	name :  cup	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  48	name :  fork	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  49	name :  knife	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  50	name :  spoon	
supercategory :  kitchen	id :  51	name :  bowl	
supercategory :  food		id :  52	name :  banana	
supercategory :  food		id :  53	name :  apple	
supercategory :  food		id :  54	name :  sandwich	
supercategory :  food		id :  55	name :  orange	
supercategory :  food		id :  56	name :  broccoli	
supercategory :  food		id :  57	name :  carrot	
supercategory :  food		id :  58	name :  hot dog	
supercategory :  food		id :  59	name :  pizza	
supercategory :  food		id :  60	name :  donut	
supercategory :  food		id :  61	name :  cake	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  62	name :  chair	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  63	name :  couch	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  64	name :  potted plant	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  65	name :  bed	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  67	name :  dining table	
supercategory :  furniture	id :  70	name :  toilet	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  72	name :  tv	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  73	name :  laptop	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  74	name :  mouse	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  75	name :  remote	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  76	name :  keyboard	
supercategory :  electronic	id :  77	name :  cell phone	
supercategory :  appliance	id :  78	name :  microwave	
supercategory :  appliance	id :  79	name :  oven	
supercategory :  appliance	id :  80	name :  toaster	
supercategory :  appliance	id :  81	name :  sink	
supercategory :  appliance	id :  82	name :  refrigerator	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  84	name :  book	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  85	name :  clock	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  86	name :  vase	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  87	name :  scissors	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  88	name :  teddy bear	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  89	name :  hair drier	
supercategory :  indoor		id :  90	name :  toothbrush

supercategory :  textile			id :  92	name :  banner	
supercategory :  textile			id :  93	name :  blanket	
supercategory :  plant				id :  94	name :  branch	
supercategory :  building			id :  95	name :  bridge	
supercategory :  building			id :  96	name :  building-other	
supercategory :  plant				id :  97	name :  bush	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  98	name :  cabinet	
supercategory :  structural			id :  99	name :  cage	
supercategory :  raw-material		id :  100	name :  cardboard	
supercategory :  floor				id :  101	name :  carpet	
supercategory :  ceiling			id :  102	name :  ceiling-other	
supercategory :  ceiling			id :  103	name :  ceiling-tile	
supercategory :  textile			id :  104	name :  cloth	
supercategory :  textile			id :  105	name :  clothes	
supercategory :  sky				id :  106	name :  clouds	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  107	name :  counter	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  108	name :  cupboard	
supercategory :  textile			id :  109	name :  curtain	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  110	name :  desk-stuff	
supercategory :  ground				id :  111	name :  dirt	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  112	name :  door-stuff	
supercategory :  structural			id :  113	name :  fence	
supercategory :  floor				id :  114	name :  floor-marble	
supercategory :  floor				id :  115	name :  floor-other	
supercategory :  floor				id :  116	name :  floor-stone	
supercategory :  floor				id :  117	name :  floor-tile	
supercategory :  floor				id :  118	name :  floor-wood	
supercategory :  plant				id :  119	name :  flower	
supercategory :  water				id :  120	name :  fog	
supercategory :  food-stuff			id :  121	name :  food-other	
supercategory :  food-stuff			id :  122	name :  fruit	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  123	name :  furniture-other	
supercategory :  plant				id :  124	name :  grass	
supercategory :  ground				id :  125	name :  gravel	
supercategory :  ground				id :  126	name :  ground-other	
supercategory :  solid				id :  127	name :  hill	
supercategory :  building			id :  128	name :  house	
supercategory :  plant				id :  129	name :  leaves	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  130	name :  light	
supercategory :  textile			id :  131	name :  mat	
supercategory :  raw-material		id :  132	name :  metal	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  133	name :  mirror-stuff	
supercategory :  plant				id :  134	name :  moss	
supercategory :  solid				id :  135	name :  mountain	
supercategory :  ground				id :  136	name :  mud	
supercategory :  textile			id :  137	name :  napkin	
supercategory :  structural			id :  138	name :  net	
supercategory :  raw-material		id :  139	name :  paper	
supercategory :  ground				id :  140	name :  pavement	
supercategory :  textile			id :  141	name :  pillow	
supercategory :  plant				id :  142	name :  plant-other	
supercategory :  raw-material		id :  143	name :  plastic	
supercategory :  ground				id :  144	name :  platform	
supercategory :  ground				id :  145	name :  playingfield	
supercategory :  structural			id :  146	name :  railing	
supercategory :  ground				id :  147	name :  railroad	
supercategory :  water				id :  148	name :  river	
supercategory :  ground				id :  149	name :  road	
supercategory :  solid				id :  150	name :  rock	
supercategory :  building			id :  151	name :  roof	
supercategory :  textile			id :  152	name :  rug	
supercategory :  food-stuff			id :  153	name :  salad	
supercategory :  ground				id :  154	name :  sand	
supercategory :  water				id :  155	name :  sea	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  156	name :  shelf	
supercategory :  sky				id :  157	name :  sky-other	
supercategory :  building			id :  158	name :  skyscraper	
supercategory :  ground				id :  159	name :  snow	
supercategory :  solid				id :  160	name :  solid-other	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  161	name :  stairs	
supercategory :  solid				id :  162	name :  stone	
supercategory :  plant				id :  163	name :  straw	
supercategory :  structural			id :  164	name :  structural-other	
supercategory :  furniture-stuff	id :  165	name :  table	
supercategory :  building			id :  166	name :  tent	
supercategory :  textile			id :  167	name :  textile-other	
supercategory :  textile			id :  168	name :  towel	
supercategory :  plant				id :  169	name :  tree	
supercategory :  food-stuff			id :  170	name :  vegetable	
supercategory :  wall				id :  171	name :  wall-brick	
supercategory :  wall				id :  172	name :  wall-concrete	
supercategory :  wall				id :  173	name :  wall-other	
supercategory :  wall				id :  174	name :  wall-panel	
supercategory :  wall				id :  175	name :  wall-stone	
supercategory :  wall				id :  176	name :  wall-tile	
supercategory :  wall				id :  177	name :  wall-wood	
supercategory :  water				id :  178	name :  water-other	
supercategory :  water				id :  179	name :  waterdrops	
supercategory :  window				id :  180	name :  window-blind	
supercategory :  window				id :  181	name :  window-other	
supercategory :  solid				id :  182	name :  wood	
supercategory :  other				id :  183	name :  other